well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
president trump
and his claims his
un substantiated
unevidenced unbelievable claims
that he continued to reiterate over the
weekend
it got so bad that
a republican congressperson paul
mitchell uh started the hashtag
stop the stupid on twitter
and pleaded with the president to just
concede
and stop making unevidenced claims
the president for his part over the
weekend
expanded the list of people that he
believes is out to get him
it apparently now includes doj in the
fbi
i'd like to point out that those
organizations are
headed by his appointees
one of whom has been ridiculously loyal
i'm not sure that planting the
idea that literally everybody who has
contact with him
uh wants him to lose is necessarily a
good move politically
at this point if what he is alleging is
true
i mean we kind of just have to assume
they have their reasons because that's a
mighty wide coalition they built to
go after him um
of course it's not true but
he then went on
to again claim that the election wasn't
secure despite the fact that
literally every expert on election
security
says that it was including
his people
if we were to accept his allegations
which we shouldn't because they're not
true but if we're going to play the game
i would like to point out that that
would just be yet
another failure in a long string of
failures for the trump administration
it's not like the administration didn't
know there were issues in 2016
and if in four years with the entire
weight of the federal government behind
him
he couldn't secure the election i would
suggest
he doesn't need to retain his position
there's a worry that his continued
allegations
may erode faith in the u.s election
system
and i it yeah i mean at the beginning i
kind of felt the same way
to be honest but it's at a point now
where it is so
farcical that i'm not sure
it uh it is i think that there may be
people
who are watching this who might have
believed something was amiss in the
beginning
who are now starting to believe
otherwise
at this point i don't know that faith
in the electoral system is going to be
undermined any further than it has
if if anything his continued
clownish behavior
may actually help to
make people realize it's a person
that has a problem not not
election security um
again i don't know that's just kind of a
gut feeling i don't really have anything
to back that one up
but if you missed the news over the
weekend that was it the president
continued to be
donald trump and continued to behave
like a spoiled billionaire who had his
toy taken away
january 20th
we should see the inauguration of joe
biden
and uh we'll see what happens from there
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day